Update datadog-integration.adoc (#9427)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/datadog-integration.adoc

. Select **Add Webhook** to save the new webhook.

> NOTE: Webhook payload may be different depending on the integration used by the pipeline that emits the webhook. Checkout the link:https://circleci.com/docs/outbound-webhooks-reference/#sample-webhook-payloads[sample webhook payloads] for each integration for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Webhook payload may be different depending on the integration used by the pipeline that emits the webhook. Checkout the xref:outbound-webhooks-reference#sample-webhook-payloads[sample webhook payloads] for each integration for more information.
```
